What?
They took Mr. Choi.
They said he pierced a patient's heart while applying acupuncture.
What is wrong with this patient?
Wake up.
What will happen to him...
if something bad happens to that patient?
His blood pressure is dropping and pulse is getting faster.
If we take the needle out, he might die from hemophilia cardiac arrest.
Let's go to the operation room.
His hands are shaky.
I saw his hands shake when he applied acupuncture.
Is that true?
Are his hands shaky?
That is...
Where did he apply acupuncture?
Hegu, quchi, zusanli,
and zhongwan.
Okay.
That's zhongwan. He did it then.
The patient has a needle there.
(Operation Room)
There's so much blood.
That oriental medicine doctor is a quack.
This is strange.
What is strange?
Blood wouldn't pool like this from getting pierced by a needle.
What's the problem?
Anyway,
the two testimonies are contradicting each other.
We'll have to hear from the person directly involved.
They say he's in surgery. Let's wait for a while.
Then,
will everything settle if he says that Master Choi didn't pierce him?
Is that enough?
What is this?
Choi Chun Sool also had a medical malpractice 20 years ago.
What is that?
A patient almost died...
from medicine prescribed by the clinic.
He was put on probation.
If he has a record like this,
it's going to be really disadvantageous to him.
What happened 20 years ago?
You don't have to know that.
Listen to me carefully.
I'm okay.
Nothing should weaken you.
No matter who says anything,
if you listen to them, you will be defeated.
What do you mean?
You won't be defeated by someone else.
You'll be defeated by yourself.
Just don't forget...
why you wanted to become a doctor in the first place.
Stop being swayed by other people.
He's not our patient.
I can't find anything with only his name.
He doesn't have a phone,
and I can't find anything about his family.
He's a homeless person.
What?
I found the clothes the patient was wearing.
- Okay. - Why?
(Aspirin)
It's aspirin.
Hello, I'm from the police.
The patient was taking aspirin.
That's why it was hard to stop his bleeding,
and he received surgery in this urgent situation.
Really? That doctor almost killed this man.
Look at this.
If you see this X-ray,
the needle is piercing the heart upwards.
Even if there was a mistake applying acupuncture and left it there,
the needle doesn't usually face upwards.
How do you know that?
Also, that doctor has been applying...
acupuncture for over 50 years.
He never made a mistake like that.
How do you know that?
I'm...
his granddaughter.
What?
The receiver cannot pick up your call.
Did something happen?
There was a malpractice patient from an oriental medicine clinic.
They're saying that a needle pierced his heart.
A doctor pierced someone's heart with a needle?
That's ridiculous.
You would know this.
Does this happen sometimes?
No. It should never happen.
What kind of incompetent doctor did this?
The name of this oriental medicine clinic...
is Haeminseo.
What?
The patient is a homeless person...
who frequently visited that clinic.
You can't ride this car whenever you want.
The patient is awake.
Let's go. Follow me, I know this place well.
Hurry.
Yeon Kyung.
I'm the attending physician.
Are you?
Why are you keep calling her?
Did you perform surgery on him?
Yes.
He just woke up.
He's capable of testifying.
Okay, where is he?
Follow me.
Isn't he the homeless person from last time?
Grandpa didn't do this, did he?
Of course, he didn't.
You know well that he wouldn't do this.
How did this happen?
What happened?
Don't worry.
He woke up.
We'll find out what happened.
I told you.
I'm not sure what happened.
I received acupuncture, and this happened on my way out.
The person who applied this will know...
how he applied it...
and if he took the needle out or not.
I don't know anything.
I'm...
just a victim.
I'm the victim.
Mr. Kim, that is not what happened.
Are you suggesting that I did that to myself or something?
Gosh, I knew...
this was going to happen when I saw his hands shaking.
So, you are saying that...
the person who applied acupuncture...
was Master Choi, right?
Yes, that's what I said.
That old man pierced the needle...
through here. Right here.
I had closed my eyes,
so I don't know if he took out...
the needle or not.
And after that, while I was walking out,
all of a sudden,
it felt like the world was spinning.
Gosh, what should I do?
I think it's pretty clear that it was Master Choi's fault.
That means there is nothing wrong with your stomach.
What? No, that can't be.
Even now, I feel bloated. It's killing me.
What? Do you think...
I am lying or something?
No, no! I want...
the director to apply acupuncture.
Power and money.
It's hard for a person to get them,
but it's easy to be trampled on by them.
You took longer than I expected.
Have a seat.
Why did you do that?
I think you already know why.
Then...
did you do that because of me?
It wasn't only because of you.
It's not hard for me to get rid of...
such an old-fashioned clinic.
Don't listen to him.
Don't receive anything from them.
What did you say?
What is the problem? Are you saying even you...
can't do anything about it?
- I am a doctor. - Yes, you are.
You're a doctor who is talented in applying acupuncture.
That is why...
you're the only one who can do this for me.
You can try to earn money by practicing medicine,
and I like money too.
But there are things you should not do as a doctor.
I am going to pretend that I did not hear you say that.
You do that.
You can just go back to Joseon like that.
But you know,
that old man would spend the rest of his life in prison.
And the life he has built up as a doctor all his life...
will be over.
It's all because of you.
No, you do not need to do that.
I will protect him.
You can only be Heo Im when you have needles in your hand.
You can try all you want.
You won't be able to do anything.
Where have you been?
I needed to check something.
That patient...
is lying, right?
If he keeps lying, what will happen to Grandfather?
Do not worry. Nothing will happen to him.
I will make sure of that.
Please, can you not change your mind?
You are the only one who can prove...
that Master Choi is innocent.
Gosh.
I told you already that I don't know anything.
And I just said what I know...
and what I remember.
You have seen Master Choi for a long time.
You know what he is like.
What would I know about him?
He just visited the station...
and applied acupuncture a few times. I only went there as it was free.
Well, I know for sure that he shakes his hands often.
- I know that much. - Mr. Kim.
I do not know why you are doing this,
but if you tell the truth,
I will not blame you for anything.
So please, just once...
Wait, wait. Are you...
threatening the victim when you are...
the perpetrator?
If you keep doing this, I will call the detective.
Is it because of money?
I did that once.
I applied acupuncture for money once. But...
I have never hurt people with the needles.
What are you trying to say?
I told you I don't know about this.
Acupuncture needles...
were made to save people.
They are not weapons created to hurt others who are different from them.
So, please,
can you not think about...
how Master Choi has helped you with those needles?
Please, Mr. Kim.
Grandfather...
wouldn't have done that.
Yes, they will call us by tomorrow.
Don't worry.
Of course. But you need to keep your promise too.
Are you not feeling well, Chun Sool?
It's just the same as 20 years ago.
You haven't changed your bad behavior.
Don't you ever get sick of it?
It's the only talent I have. What can I do then?
You utilize someone else's talent...
and make money and get power with that.
You've been doing that all of your life.
As if on cue, whenever necessary,
Heo Jun and Heo Im appear right in front of me.
When you brought Heo Jun, you used him to your liking...
and lived off his name so much. That was enough.
Even when you got old now,
you are doing it again?
At that time,
Heo Jun went back to you, right?
So...
you made a plan at that time too.
You know what kind of choice Heo Jun made then.
Because of that choice,
you really had a hard time. Have you forgotten that?
I don't mind this.
Because of what happened then,
you forced my son-in-law out. Compared to that...
this is nothing.
So don't lay your hands on Heo Im!
This time,
it won't end as probation.
Now I understand why Heo Jun was worried because of you.
As Heo Jun said, you're just...
that much of a person.
This is the last thing I'm asking you.
If you do me a favor this time,
I will help clearing Chun Sool of false accusation,
and I will never ask you anything again.
I have fulfilled your requests so far...
not to satisfy your desire.
I have done it because I thought they were also patients.
I know that too.
Then you should understand why I cannot do you a favor now.
Do you want Chun Sool to go to jail in the end?
Even then, Chun Sool and I...
will be able to do what is right as doctors.
A doctor is known for his attitude of mind,
not for false honor.
You can earn...
a lot of things by the prescription I gave you,
but you can never beat Chun Sool.
You will see.
After all, the one who will leave his name behind...
will not be Choi Chun Sool,
but me, Ma Seong Tae.
At that time, 20 years ago,
you also made a plan like this.
Probably my dad...
tried to even things up.
Now that you found out,
you should know what you have to do.
You are a doctor too, Grandpa.
So?
How... How could you do something like that to a human body?
And did someone die?
They all wanted something in return.
They did it because they wanted to do so.
Who on earth is Heo Im?
Who is he to do all of this?
If only you were half as competent as he was,
I wouldn't have done this!
Are you not feeling well?
What?
No, I'm fine.
You have high blood pressure, right?
Yes.
You're taking Aspirin, right?
I am. So?
It's dangerous if you get your heart pierced in that condition.
Did you know that?
What?
What do you mean?
Aspirin is...
a medicine that keeps blood from coagulating.
So when you get wounded,
it can make the bleeding hard to stop.
You might have been in a great danger.
Do it upwards.
Hold the needle slantly.
Thrust it in deep into your stomach.
This needle is so fine...
that even if it touches your heart,
the bleeding will stop soon.
It won't hurt you at all.
Well, I...
have high blood pressure. Is that...
Come on.
I am a director of an oriental medicine hospital.
I won't put you in danger.
Someone who ordered you...
didn't tell anything about it, did he?
Well...
Who... Who are you, doctor?
- Don't you remember me? - Pardon?
At Seoul Station, a few days ago,
I was there with Heo Bong Tak.
Heo Bong Tak...
Mr. Choi Chun Sool of Haeminseo Oriental Medicine Clinic...
is my grandfather.
What?
(Police)
Please investigate it one more time.
It was not Master Choi's fault.
Gosh, you are so persistent.
You've been saying the same thing for hours.
Don't you get tired of it?
If you cannot believe it,
I can prove it by applying the needle on my body myself.
Look at this carefully.
This spot is called zhongwan.
I will pierce the needle into here straight.
My goodness.
Until I can feel the needle in and out of the stomach,
I will thrust it about 9cm deep.
See? You cannot pierce the heart at all if you do this.
However, that patient had the needle slanted deep into his body.
See?
I am fine, right?
When a doctor applies acupuncture,
he puts all his mind into his hand.
How can he not differentiate the feeling...
of piercing the stomach walls and the heart of a patient?
We wouldn't know about that.
Master Choi has held the needle in his hand all of his life.
He has treated and saved many people with the needle.
Please, just one more time,
can you take a look at it again?
You are here.
Master Choi!
Master Choi, are you going home?
Can he go home now?
The investigation hasn't finished yet.
The investigation will go on with him unconstrained.
Come here for second inquiry after two days.
That means he's not yet...
Fortunately, the victim woke up,
but we have a testimony by a witness.
If you do not mind, I recommend you...
to make a confession...
What are you saying? A confession?
Let's go home.
Okay, Master Choi.
No, that's wrong.
The truth is not verified yet.
How can you write an article about it? You're out of your mind.
If you ever write anything about it,
we'll sue you for defamation!
Jae Sook, just hang up.
Oh, my.
- Master Choi. - What are you talking about?
Mr. Choi is not that kind of a person.
You punk, what are you doing?
Do not say a thing.
The pulse on your heart is so scattered.
Your heart got so weak...
that you will feel pain more often,
and your hands will tremble more severely.
After all,
you examined my pulse.
Now you found out how I am.
Why don't you tell Yeon Kyung...
and get surgery?
In due time,
I will tell her myself.
You...
must not tell a thing to Yeon Kyung.
Does Yeon Kyung know about...
what happened today?
Yeon Kyung performed the surgery on Mr. Kim.
Oh, my. She must have been...
surprised a lot.
Yeon Kyung also firmly believes that you did not do anything wrong.
So please do not worry about it and focus on treating your disease...
You should not worry about it.
Everyone leaves in due time.
I won't leave before my time comes.
At least let me apply acupuncture.
It will help...
relieve the pain and hand tremor.
It is done.
I'm not...
the type of person who repeats himself.
You shouldn't waste your time repeating yourself...
for those who are never going to understand.
Don't forget...
what I told you earlier today.
I'm so tired.
I've been an oriental doctor for 50 years.
It's about time...
I need to retire and rest.
You are here.
How is he?
Fortunately,
he's all right.
How is Grandpa?
He just fell asleep.
I got this for you. It's medicine made with ginseng and antlers.
I don't take herbal medicine.
I made breakfast for you. Have some before you go.
It's your favorite soft tofu stew.
No, thanks. I need to go.
Yeon Kyung, take this then.
I'll see you later.
When I was little,
I thought Grandpa was the coolest...
because he treated patients with only a needle.
Mom was sick,
and I naturally thought he'd treat her.
I resented him for not saving her.
I thought of the best way to hurt him.
That's how I went to medical school.
But I realized only after I became a doctor.
Mom was...
terminally ill then.
Grandpa...
did his best...
to reduce her pain.
It's a bit embarrassing to say,
but I guess...
I was so little back then...
that I needed someone to resent on for my mom's death.
And that was Grandpa.
I realized it only recently.
That I still...
love my grandpa.
That I still trust him.
I don't think...
I can live without him.
I am sorry.
For what?
You're being of great help just by staying beside me.
I want to stay with...
you and him.
I really do.
I'll get you some blankets, so sleep somewhere around here for tonight.
You think we only treat patients here?
For them, this isn't just a place to get acupuncture.
They comfort each other...
and share each other's sorrow here.
That's why you're a doctor by nature.
You become happy when you save them. You feel good when you treat them.
That makes you a doctor. Am I not right?
Don't go somewhere else and head straight home.
I've been an oriental doctor for 50 years.
It's about time...
I need to retire and rest.
He'll have to rot in prison...
when he has not much time left to live.
His entire life as a doctor...
will be doomed at once.
And it'll be because of you.
I don't think I can live...
without him.
What can you do?
If you stay in this world,
my grandpa will keep trying to use you.
That will cause Yeon Kyung and her grandpa to suffer.
Don't you get it?
There's a patient who's suffering from cardiac neurosis.
All you need to do is...
put that patient to sleep for a few days.
If you do that for me,
I won't do any harm to Chun Sool.
I won't ask for you anymore either.
Gosh, what do you mean, it's closed today?
We can't get acupuncture?
That's not good. I need to get it.
My body is so sore that it's hard for me to even stand still.
I'm sorry,
but the doctor can't treat you for the time being.
So please go back.
Gosh, no.
- My back hurts so much. - Oh, no.
Ma'am, we'll call you...
when we're open again.
So please go back for today. I'm sorry.
- When will it be? - I'm not sure.
- Hey. - Goodness.
Where's Bong Tak?
He isn't on the second floor.
He left early in the morning. He was dressed in a suit.
He went somewhere well-dressed at this timing. He's so unpredictable.
Your grandfather might know.
Where... Where did this punk go?
They said he went out early in the morning. You don't know?
Goodness. Did he really...
Gosh, no...
- No... We must stop him. - Grandpa.
We must stop him.
The receiver cannot pick up your call.
Why won't he pick up the phone?
He went to do something he shouldn't be doing with acupuncture.
He shouldn't go that path.
He won't be able to return from that.
I'm sorry.
Why are you sorry?
Being right here next to me is a big support.
Jae Ha, it's me.
Where is Director Ma?
You can't make a mistake this time.
Don't forget...
that Chun Sool's life depends on your hands.
(My Gum)
(Decline)
(My Gum, Call ended)
Jae Ha.
What are you talking about?
He's on his way to do something dangerous.
We need to stop him.
Calm down.
If we don't,
he'll never be able to be a doctor again.
He won't be able to live then.
Help me.
Stop my brother...
until the general meeting of stockholders ends.
You know his skills.
If I get my brother's shares,
I'll definitely support...
your business.
Let's go.
Is that him?
He's younger than I thought.
He's young, but they say he's really skillful.
Trust him.
The general meeting of stockholders will be held two days later.
Please make him better until then.
We'll give you whatever you want.
Let me see the patient.
He's immersing.
His pulse is sinking and slow.
He's pale,
his lips are white,
cold breath is coming out from his nose and mouth,
and his fingernails are pale.
His skin of the belly is thin and helpless.
Heart deficiency syndrome.
For heart deficiency syndrome,
to neiguan,
shanzhong,
jueyinshu, xinshu,
and zusanli.
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
Blood will pump into his heart, and his face will look rosier.
His eyes will shine brighter.
But if I treat...
him for heart excess syndrome...
If I apply it to meridian's Qi source point shenmen,
meridian's opposite point lougu,
jueyinshu's opposite point ximen,
and the opposite point of shaofu and zhongzhu...
The moment I take the needle out,
he won't be able to overcome the energy of the needle...
and faint.
What is wrong with him?
What happened?
What is it?
The art of medicine handles...
people's lives.
That means...
a doctor should become one with his needles.
The needles will know...
if you have bad notions.
If you successfully cure His Majesty's illness this time,
I will appoint you to whichever position you want.
You will be able to abandon that sickening title of yours.
Also, His Majesty might want to keep you next to him.
Was that it?
That is what happened.
(Haeminseo Oriental Medicine Clinic)
Did you have dinner?
I haven't had it yet.
I made soft tofu stew.
Do you like it by any chance?
I'm actually not good at cooking.
But...
cooking is all about effort, you see.
Even if it's not delicious...
It's okay now.
Everything's all right now.
I heard the needles cry.
I heard that the child died...
soon after I left for the palace.
It must've been the moment when the needles cried.
But today,
they must've been enraged.
Because of the foolish doctor...
who was going against their will.
They're righteous and strong-minded.
I should thank them...
for protecting you.
If you had treated the King that day,
your life...
would've been changed.
If you had harmed that patient earlier today,
you would've...
The man I know...
would've been happy neither way.
I should tell them this too.
I should thank them...
for allowing me to join your destiny.
I do not know what more is left,
but it is still in my hands.
I wonder what awaits me...
at the end of this strange destiny.
I guess you were paid enough to pay for your drink.
You almost got in huge trouble.
Acupuncture is a tool made to save people.
It should never be used as a weapon to hurt others.
So can you please...
remember all the deeds...
Master Choi has done with those needles?
That's not heavy enough.
You sighed like an anxious dog.
So why would you commit something you are not capable of?
I did nothing wrong.
You did nothing wrong?
You hurt yourself. That's the worst thing you could do.
I told you that's not it.
Goodness.
What were you going to do if you died...
without seeing your son's face?
Your son lost his house and job...
to pay for your debt.
Did you think he'd be so glad to hear...
that you died because of him?
I brought you some pine nut porridge.
It'll help you...
relax yourself.
Well... I have no appetite.
Gosh, you need to recover soon in order to go see your son.
Even if it's not much money,
it's fine as long as it gave him some break.
Hurry and eat up. Eat up...
and get better...
so you can go meet your son.
Here. Eat up.
Goodness.
That's why you dressed up so nicely.
You were worried...
the hospital and the police wouldn't believe you...
if you came here like a homeless man.
Please give me one more chance.
Dr. Heo said he wasn't feeling good today.
I only did...
what Director Ma told me to do.
You...
What do you think you're doing?
That's enough,
Grandpa.
Is the incident from 20 years ago about Master Heo Jun?
It'd be a lie to say I didn't resent him...
even the slightest bit.
It was not like he was told to kill someone.
I didn't think it was a big deal...
to worsen someone's health for a short time.
I was cornered because of him.
I couldn't understand why he was ignoring me to keep his belief.
But now, I think it differently.
If he had done that for my sake back then,
I would've felt guilty all my life.
Thanks to him, I was able to...
live as a doctor until now.
Whatever position may be...
Whatever people say, your appearance isn't important.
You just need to keep your heart as a doctor.
That way, you can be proud of being a doctor...
and treat patients in your life.
So don't ever think about pulling something silly for my sake.
It's not helping.
Why must I keep repeating myself to make you understand?
You foolish brat.
Do you still not know?
Your twisted perception towards the world...
is hindering your way as a doctor.
Your needle case does not make you a doctor.
You do not know how valuable your talent is. You are pathetic.
(Police Station)
(Serious Crimes Unit)
I sprained my bottom,
but Master Choi applied acupuncture and cured it.
Do you want to see it?
Without his acupuncture, I can't live anymore.
- Release him. - Oh, my.
Release Mr. Choi.
Are you going to take care of this?
Are you going to take care of my body?
Why should I take care of your body?
I can't live without him.
- Grandmother. - Bong Sik, where are you going?
- Bong Sik. - Gosh.
What are you going?
Gosh.
Gosh, now I can get to work.
Finally, we're starting the second statement...
of Mr. Choi Chun Sool.
- Move over. - Hey.
Move over.
We're here to write a petition for Mr. Choi.
Where did the patient go?
He was here just moments ago.
He could have run away.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
I...
Mr. Choi, I'm sorry.
I must have been out of my mind.
It's all right. It's all right.
You must have been desperate.
You should get your treatments.
- I'm sorry. - It's all right.
I... I know I don't deserve to ask you this,
but...
Does this mean that because of us...
you and Dr. Heo cannot...
You know...
Do not worry, Mr. Kim.
We will visit you once or twice a month.
Really?
- Thank you. - Thank you.
I didn't know that's what happened. I could have caused trouble.
In the end, his patients...
solved the problem for him.
This proves that his life...
is not in vain.
I respect him.
My grandfather is so cool.
I cannot be like him.
The child...
that I could have saved but missed because of my foolishness...
The promise I made to her...
Wait a little longer.
I will come back soon...
and save you.
What was...
the child like?
She is called Yeon Yi.
I do not know much about her.
But I made a promise to her that I would save her.
I saw her.
What did you say?
Where did you see her?
When we went to Joseon last time,
I saw her at...
Master Heo's house.
What's your name?
It is Yeon Yi.
Yeon Yi.
I thought you were sick the last time.
Are you all right now?
I am waiting for someone.
A doctor told me...
that he was going to save me.
He was going to come back soon.
He promised me that.
He is going to come back...
and save me.
Do you mean to say...
that she is alive?
You want to go back to Joseon?
I made a promise to her.
I told her that I will save her.
I will come back after I keep my promise.
After that day, I had a heavy heart.
It was a promise I wanted to keep but could not.
I want to undo the wrong and start again.
To do that,
I need to save her.
If not, you will...
have a burden in your mind all your life.
You shouldn't.
You should go.
But if you go...
I do not know how long it might take,
but I will come back.
Well...
You do not need to treat me.
Just...
leave me to die.
Can't you think about this again?
If I go with you,
I might be of help.
You are saying that again.
I said you cannot come with me.
Did you forget what happened the last time?
If that happens again, my heart will not survive.
I let go of your hand by mistake.
I will be right next to you like this.
Like gum.
You used to complain...
about me taking you there every time.
That was then.
You are a woman I cannot predict.
I do not know what trouble you might cause.
You should behave and just wait for me here.
Why not just leave me for good?
I was thinking about that.
I know you will miss me, but please wait for me.
I will come back right away after I save her.
You should count to 200.
I will come back before you finish.
While I am gone, if your grandfather...
My grandfather?
What about him?
Take care of him while I am gone.
When I come back, you will not have enough time to do that.
I will come back soon.
Save...
that child.
Do not worry.
I will return soon.
And...
return.
That child...
must have been the final test.
You idiot.
You can't come back...
just because you want to.
You won't be able to do...
as you want now.
Why is it so quiet?
Our armies will reach Hanyang in two weeks.
My heart is still in pain.
Grandpa, dinner is ready.
Min Jae, I'll be there in five minutes.
Reserve an operation room and call Professor Jung.
Please.
Yeon Yi was at...
Master Heo's house.
What is that?
No.
Master Heo, Mak Gae.